SEATTLE 1988

EXT. FRONT YARD.  DAY.

Slow motion. Armed troops in black uniforms pour out of
unmarked vans and swarm across a lawn in a middle class
residential neighborhood. Yuppie neighbours look on in
shock, confused. Two of the troops carry a battering ram
to the front door of a white two-storey house. A leashed
Rottweiler snarls and barks. In position, their comrades
point M-16s into first-floor windows, ready to be
ambushed. Pan into a window in the kitchen. An
attractive woman in her thirties is making breakfast.

Now, in regular motion, the battering ram breaks open the
front door. The woman, startled, drops her spatula.

INT. MURPHY RESIDENCE. DAY.

		WOMAN
		(screams)
	Oough! Ahhh!

		SECRET SERVICE AGENT
		(to others)
	Upstairs.

Troops pour into the house.

		WOMAN
	What's going on? What's the matter?
	Who are you?

The troops, and one or two trenchcoated agents, continue
entering the house and heading upstairs, still with rifles
ready.

		WOMAN
	Hey!

Upstairs, crowded in the narrow hallway, the troops
descend on a bedroom.

		WOMAN
		(off camera)
	Dade! Dade!

		AGENT
	Knock it down.

The battering ram knocks down a bedroom door.

INT. COURTROOM.

The prosecutor, a woman of about forty, gives her closing
argument blandly. She'd rather be somewhere else.

		PROSECUTOR
	The defendant, Dade Murphy, who calls
	himself "Zero Cool", has repeatedly
	committed criminal acts of a malicious
	nature. This defendant possesses a
	superior intelligence, which he uses to a
	destructive and antisocial end. His
	computer virus crashed one thousand five
	hundred and seven computer systems,
	including Wall Street trading systems,
	single handedly causing a seven point drop
	in the New York Stock Market.

As she speaks, the camera pans across the court, panning
down and stopping on the defendant: eleven year old Dade
Murphy.

Fast forward to the sentencing.

		JUDGE
	Dade Murphy, I hereby fine your family
	forty-five thousand dollars...

The court gasps, Dade's father winces

		JUDGE
	...and sentence you to probation, under
	which you are forbidden to own or operate
	a computer or touch tone telephone, until
	the day of your eighteenth birthday.

Now Dade winces, in fact we almost expect him to cry.

Opening credits roll to a backdrop of Dade and his family
and lawyer fighting through a gaggle of journalists and
photographers, in slow motion, and driving away.
